Translation corrections (#294)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/toki_009.txt

			NULL, "\"How can you suggest that I brought someone taller than myself to that window, much less threw him out of it?", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s11/00/vt3b_hiranu2129", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　逆に抵抗されて、私が落とされるだけです！」",

> 			NULL, " If he fought back instead, I would've been the one thrown out!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " It would be the other way around. He'd fight back, and I'd be the one thrown out!\"", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"A male student was murdered and the culprit committed suicide.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s11/00/vt3b_honjo2147", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "…それだげなら、ただの享楽殺人か猟奇殺人だ』",

> 			NULL, " ...If that's was all there was to it, it could simply be a case of a murder committed for personal enjoyment or to sate curiosity.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " ...If that was all there was to it, it could simply be a case of a murder committed for personal enjoyment or to sate curiosity.\"", Line_Normal);
```
